(Yves is filming an apple throwing scene!)
HaSeul: Yves, be careful!
HaSeul: Cheer up!
(Yves is throwing an apple far away...)
HaSeul: There are a lot of apples
Choerry: Look so pretty~
Kim Lip: I decided to get and eat that!
HaSeul: Kim Lip!
HaSeul: Will she be able to successfully receive and eat Yves' apple?
KIm Lip: Of course, I can do it.
HaSeul: But I'm worried that her lips might get chapped before it started.
(Receiving Yves apple mission!)
HaSeul: Kim Lip will receive and eat your apple!
HaSeul: Fighting!
HaSeul: Be careful...
Choerry: I think...
Choeery: That would be heavy...
(Yves! Drop the apple!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Reveal"
(At some point, she became a funny character of LOOΠΔ...)
Choerry: It hurts...
HaSeul: But she saved the apple...
Kim Lip: The apple...!
Kim Lip: I saved!
Choerry: It's not dead!
KIm Lip: But it hurts...
HaSeul: Did you see? Kim Lip also just saved the production cost!
HaSeul: Because she saved an apple~